note2
Scouted around for a new phone. I could have waited for the Galaxy S4 to be released but I got this at a great price, although normally it's pretty expensive. I rarely buy phones outright but felt to indulge on this occasion.

The large size doesn't bother me, I've always text using both hands anyway. My computer is becoming more tiresome and the large screen of the Note II is excellent for watching youtubeon instead. Get an MHF adapter and connect it to a TV.

There are quite a few decent apps and the camera on this is amazing compared to previous phones. I've not had opportunity to use the stylus much yet so cannot comment on it's benefits. The battery is also excellent as it can last 2 days on one charge for my standard use. (I do switch off mobile data whilst I'm at work as there's no reception anyway).

The only minor issue I've had with it is the physical design of the placement of the physical buttons. The volume button is directly level to the power button but on the other side. Quite often when pressing the power button to put in idle mode, to get pressure to press in the power button I often accidentally hold onto the volume down key. This then mutes the phone which means you might not know if a message comes through or not later.

I've not had it long enough to use it to it's full potential and haven't used all the features yet. If you're not keen on such a large phone then get the S3 or the S3 mini. People seem to be split between android or apple. If you love apple this is probably not going to pursuade you to convert but I personally prefer it over apple.
My review for the Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100 - 16 GB is fantastic. So easy to use ok it's quite a big phone for taking out, but not stopping you to use for your own special use.

The Samsung Galaxy Note II takes impressive photos for a 8 Mega Pixels, can't fill your phone up with Pics and music etc, because you can had a Micro Sim Card save using your memory on the note book.

The Speakers on the phone are not to bad quite loud and even better with head phones or what ever suites your ears.

Very happy for what i paid for it. :-)

Every thing about the phone, i would give it 8/10 :-)
it's a nice phone.

I love note 2. With the size I'm alright.
With 2G Ram memory...and 1.6 quad core it's so fast. ..!
But with 16G internal memory it not enough.i can use only 10G.
If I installed 4 race games that all.
The phone can take  a least 32 or 64G internal memory but in UK it was only 16G version! !!!
Way?????????
I formerly had a Blackberry and was considering buying an updated blackberry but the company I work for used google.  No worried about the size, really want a larger screen and it works for me.  There are sooooo much apps and gizmos on this that I don't use and just slowly getting to find my way around this phone.  Camera and video is excellent.  Don't hesitate to buy this item it's fantastic.
I love this it works for once others I bought on eBay Neaver work right this one does thanks
Phone works ok. Calls and texts as expected. However it is not 4G which it is specd as. Maybe it's an older version??? Anyway, since its the only phone I have I'll have to use it. But I'll be changing it ASAP
This is a great mobile phone offering all functions and features which any high end model offers.
This is the best and closest you can get to have a tablet but also being a phone.
It will take your photos, play your music, send your emails, surf the internet and keep you organised.
What more can you ask for?!
great phone not as compact as previous mobiles but does every thing i want on a large screen that I can see
A Galaxy Note 2 does everything I want in a phone and the only reason I could think of to upgrade to a Note 3 is the higher grade camera.
I bought the Note 2 after owning the Galaxy S3. The Note is faster due to having a better processor and more ram. It has better battery life and has the added benefit of the S Pen and a bigger screen. It is an excellent phone I would recommend it to anyone, especially to puny Iphone owners.
This phone is for my mum who has fat fingers and her eyes are not what they was so this was a perfect phone
this is the most amazing phone I have had... especially as it was an xmas present..it is like a small ipad.. easy to use..
best phone to dat...only if you do not mind the size. fast, crisp screen, well built...........................................................
This phone dose everything you need, Maybe old but offer the best value for money you cant go wrong.
This product is top of the range brand..Im very satisfied with the features..very useful and you cannot compare this product to other brand.,because this is the best brand!
It didn't last a month!!..
This is a replacement phone. I will never buy any other. You cannot beat it at all. Very good and reliable and very highly recommended.

Best Phone I EVER HAD :) - Smart as f@ck...
P-E-R-F-E-C-T !!! No words to tell how good is it...
I dont like it, i LOVE it! :) Thats exactly what I wanted to get, and the price was pretty awsome too :)
Thanx for that one :)
The best mobile device on the market. Feature packed and lightning fast. You don't need anything else when your carrying this in your pocket.
I like it
Full of capacity, i still amaze about what i can do with.
It is now more thant a month that I get it and I still discover more and more about the Samsung Note 2. I really like it.
Very happy with this product. Arrived the next day. Works without a problem.  Thank you
Many years still runnig
I BUY THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE,FIRST OF ALL I NEED IT FOR MY JOB AND,SECONDLY,I WAS IMPRESSED BY ITS FACILITIES WITCH CAN HELP ME AND SATISFY MY NEEDS.
It's simply amazing. A top of the art smartphone, that helps a lot who needs to be productive every where.
Galaxy Note II is absolutely a stunning mobile, probably the best smart phone in the market today, and it definitely re-defines mobile phones into Phablets (phone-tablets) as the original Note does.

Display
Galaxy Note II has the HD Super AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode) S-Stripe RGB -3 subpixels/pixel (non-PenTile) screen with 1280×720 resolution with an enormous 5.55 inch screen (5.3 screen in the original Note). It doesn’t mean the phone got bigger, only the screen size increased, not the mobile size, the bezel - rim around the screen got smaller while the screen got bigger.

Resolution Matters or NOT?
Please note :) the Note original has a better resolution. Note the original Galaxy Note has the resolution of 1280 x 800  where Galaxy Note II only has 1280 x 720 and  uses a 720p screen ratio 16:9 instead of WXGA 16:10.

Operating System, RAM and Processor
With a great 1.6GHz quad core processor and enormous 2 GB RAM, Note II use Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) as the Operating System Jelly Bean which is the best Android OS, yet together it is a recipe for smashing performance.

Graphics Processor
Graphics processing unit (GPU) in Galaxy Note II is ARM Mali-400MP, which is designed to support Reduced memory bandwidth overhead and lower power.

3100 ah Battery
Galaxy Note II has larger display and more advanced applications, so it needs a better battery like the Li-ion 3100 Ah, with the power saver option it’s no longer a problem. Also if you buy an additional (original Samsung) battery with a charger it can be a great back up.

128 GB Memory and Storage!
If you are using a 64 GB model Note II then with a 64 GB microSD card, the total memory can be expanded to 128GB, where the original note is limited to accepting only up to 32 GB microSD.

Stylus with the AIR View!
The S Pen of the original Note stylus is slightly improved in Note II, it’s slightly thicker and more enhanced. With AIR View, you can preview content like pictures by simply hovering your S Pen over it and also it features easy navigation. Now think about this one, the Smart Loss-Prevention Technology lets you know if you forget the the S Pen or it has been left behind.

NFC Support
Don’t know why this feature is ignored by the reviewers, Galaxy Note II is equipped with Near Field Communication (NFC) support. It will make an impact on both sharing and paying scenarios.
The S-Beam allows users to simply tap their Galaxy Note 2 devices to share larger files, pen notes, and other documents.
Also, NFC allows you to use Note II to pay for products or services at supporting locations using the Google Wallet. At Paypass locations, you only need to hold up your Note II to a card reader for paying for products or services.

Handwriting
With Galaxy Note II you can integrate your handwriting in your email, memos, clips, photos and screenshots adding your personal touch. Note original has this feature but in Note II handwriting is improved and enhanced also there are more writing tools and templates.

GPS and GLONASS
Like the original Note, Galaxy Note II features both the standard GPS and Global Navigation Satellite System, is a radio-based satellite navigation system  (GLONASS), it’s a Russian equivalent to Global Positioning System (GPS).

Please read the eBay Guide for the full review as I couldn’t post more than 3500 characters in this review.
The Galaxy Note 2 is a wonderful, and beautiful phone. I bought it primarily for the screen size, huge battery, and the added novelty of the stylus input. And please do note, prospective buyers - it is a novelty that wears off pretty quickly! But there are some great little app treasures that benefit from the pressure sensitive inputs. The handwriting recognition is also mindblowing, it recognises my doctorly scrawls consistently.

Battery power is as you'd expect from a 3100ma/h cell, and I'm getting very used to not charging every single night, but beware! Having the screen at max brightness will drain its life very quickly. I've taken to using the power saving option and only flicking the brightness up when I want that extra burst. And when you do turn that baby up, get ready for the most wonderful display you will see on a phone. That 5 inch size really makes internet browsing and just general use a pleasure.

There are a couple of bugbears, which aren't the fault of the phone, but irk me nevertheless. The Android Jellybean update has taken away the ability to move apps to the SD card, which blows when you consider that SIX GB of the phone's internal memory - more than a third - is stolen by the OS and system processes. There are ways around this, by rooting your handset (which I have done), but as a 4 year plus Android user, it's a step in the wrong direction, and should be manageable out of the box. I would strongly advise rooting the phone anyway, as it unlocks the phone's true potential - I have an app, for instance, that switches the Swiftkey keyboard to the Samsung handwriting keyboard when the stylus is taken out, which is simple yet impossible without root.

The second, and more troubling annoyance, is the charging port. When plugged into my wall socket, the charger has fallen out without being touched at all on more than one occasion, and emits a very audible buzzing sound. For the price Samsung are asking for this phone, it's a dreadful oversight. My old S2 charging cable seems to fit more snugly, and runs silently from my PC to the phone, so I would advise considering alternative charging sources.

Despite these grievances, I am fully satisfied with my purchase. If you're in the market for a Galaxy S3, but would like some bonus bells and whistles (and that sweet, sweet screen size), or fancy a tablet and phone but don't want to carry around two devices, the Galaxy Note 2 will serve all your needs and then some.
An excellent product with excellent features.

Having come from a HTC desire S and then One X, this phone has been a breath of fresh air. Its screen size is great, its feature rich and the battery life, even when used a lot (as I do) is excellent.

My only SLIGHT criticism is its quite late to the party in receiving the latest Android OS.
Writing this review to make as many people aware that there are many counterfeits and replica cloned mobiles out there. I purchased this and found out to be a replica the IMEI on the screen via pressing *#06# and the IMEI number behind the battery do not match, other tell tale signs are the S Pen looks completely different no samsung logo on it and also the draw functions using this pen do not work on the apps so only can use it as a touch pen. the box also another tell tale sign its very untidy and you can see the grey cardboard covered with untidy white wrapping you can see the seems etc which should not be like this, the touch of the screen is another give away does not feel like a quality touch screen very rough to the touch, you can call samsung uk with the IMEI no to do a model check just be warned what your buying into if you do suspect a cloned mobile just take your mobile into a mobile store and do a comparison, there are many mobiles that are cloned these days not just samsung
Purchased this phone mainly for screen size and battery life. As I use this phone for the emails and browsing. It is a great phone to have ! Mus say it was a bit weird as the screen size is a bit big for the first week. But after all other phones looks small if you compare. 16 gb it is plenty for me as for browsing mainly. Great colours and resolution. It is quick as well.

The good:
Large bright screen, brilliant for movies and Youtube.
Good battery life.
Fast and feature rich.
S-Pen makes note taking fun.
Camera is usable and quick.
Cheap.
replaceable battery.
Tons of decent apps.

The Bad:
Big in the pocket.
Heavy.
Samsung design language is boring.
Touch Wiz interface takes time to get used to but you can change it.
This phone was for my husband. I already have one and he liked it so much he wanted one for himself.
You'll have to read the technical jargon elsewhere but we are silver surfers and need the bigger screen to see everything and so that we do not hit several keys at the same time.
It is easy to use -  well...we think so. It takes great photos. It plays great games. We can read the news and our books with comfort. It's easy to connect to wi-fi or switch to G/HSDA (or whatever it's called).
This all may sound a bit vague but as we are both over 70 !!!! it is brilliant for us.
If you only have small pockets or a dainty handbag then it will be too big for you....if not then go for it..you won't be disappointed.
Sylvia
The Best all in one Phone.
Browsing,data,videos,sharing everything is perfect.
Bit expensive and battery life needs to be extended.
Overall very good.
The Best all in one Phone.
Browsing,data,videos,shar​ing everything is perfect.
Bit expensive and battery life needs to be extended.
Overall very good
I have never use any Samsung devices as I had bad experience with this brand.
This mobile meets my expectations in full.
I require from mobile phone very much because I use it as my pocket computer, keep all my files, books, photos, movies etc.
This phone really surprised me.
one of the best on the market ,certainly better than the s3 ... get one here and now... its not too big , just right and maybe become the more common phone size in a few years ... pretty damn great ... 2gb of ram helps run all the apps you needed and some of the google and samsung apps work really well, also the stylus is neat to just duddle with ... screenmay not be as bright and and as fancy as ths3 or s4 but is still better than the human eye and watching you tube and tv shows /movies is still a pretty great experience
Great Phone, would definately recomend, reason being the screen is amazing i dont know about some people but i prefer the larger screen as its much better for watching videos etc, the battery life is much! better then the s3 which i had before, i like the stylus, its not as comfortable in your hand as s3 but is very good, big point to note when you go onto the internet the pages load up like they do on your laptop, not the mobile version of the website, Great Phone would reccomend over the Iphone 5 etc, best phone of its time
This is the best phone - quite possibly, gadget - I have ever owned: the screen size is large enough to see large pieces of text in one go, whilst the phone itself is not too big to carry in a pocket or small handbag; it takes a lot to run the battery down (compared to all the other smartphones I've had, including the Galaxy S2); and it's very intuitive to use.  And I speak as someone who can't even spell I.T.

Oh, and the handwritten note thing is also great.

An industry professional told me the other day that this is the closest phone on the market to a tablet.  Can't imagine how anyone could be disappointed with it.  Apart from the hefty price tag, of course, but I bought mine - in pristine condition - second hand.  And it's perfect.

Bought this to replace a sick GalaxyS GT-i9000, that was good but this is in a different league.
Easier to use.
Faster response.
Excellent Camera and Video.
Best part is the battery life even when being worked well. Now can be left on all day delivering Emails and texts as they come without bieing on charge or worrying about getting the next charge.
A1
I am an iPhone person but have been hearing great things about the Samsung Galaxy range and Note range. I thought I would get one, first of all to see what it was like but also as a backup phone. It is slower  (in my opinion) than the iPhone 5 and harder to use as I am not familiar with the operating system. I did, however, find the bits I could use to be brilliant. The screen is a lot bigger and very clear so great for gaming and watching Sky Sports.
Great phone very fast. the 3100mah battery can last me at least 3 days with light use and a minimum of 2 days with heavy use
great purchase,this phone has lots of great new and easy ways to do things .the screen size is just great for viewing .
my daughter loved it i got her it for her birthday she wanted one with a front camera on it and it works fantastic and it was in great nick
Bought as gift for my wife to replace her old note 1,I was expecting more from it but I am happy with overall fetures solid build good size 5,5'' a lot faster comparing to old note I hoped that battery life would be better and it is but could be much better other than that could be a bit cheaper that why I give only good note for it and if you ask me yes would reccomend to a friend
when compared to even the latest iphone i much prefer the android way of working
price wise a second hand note is great value for the money
if you want a large screen without costing a mortgage these are well worth the investment
I needed a new mobile and I like Samsung phones so I bought the galaxy note as I heard there good phones the battery life could be longer but its not too bad this is the best phone ive bought so far ?
Always wanted a bigger screen. Much easier to schedule task and other related official mails. Best for videos, pictures and web browsing. At first, it feels little awkward to hold it in public but you get used to it. The stylus gives you freedom to note down in hurry. Thanks Samsung.
using the galaxy note 2 is a whole new experiance after owning an iphone make no bones about it the iphone is good but the samsung note covers a whole new universe
i think the only thing it doesnt do is brew tea
this is an extremely good phone
This product was what I was expecting. I have had one before that is why I chose this product.Its a good phone for every dsy use.
Fantastic phone. I have had samsung phones for years now. Always reliable and easy to use. I upgraded from the note 1 to the note 2 and although i loved the note, the note 2 is far superior. Functionality is the same but with upgrades that make the note 2 smoother and faster, responding with more accuracy and speed. Overall a fantastic phone with high end features and reasonable price. Highly recommended phone.
great product really like the s pen and the note page and how it automaticly realizes when the pen is out anwill send you a notifacation if the pen has been left somewhere
had galaxy S3 sold it for note 2 note 2 BEST DECISION I HAVE MADE. PROBERBLY THE BEST PHONE ON THE MARKET
i buy Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100 - 16 GB but i received T-Morbail totally wrong.
so i need Investigate.
The Samsung galaxy note 2 is a fantastic product it does everything it says on the advertising material I have been really pleased great for keeping track of your business requirements.
Absolutely class........ will never need to take a tablet and a mobile phone anywhere again....
This phone also seems to run twice as quick as my old Note1 too..... an awesome piece of kit.
I found, It has more useful functions and very kindly UI.

But, If your hand is small and your pockets are more smaller than other things, It will be irritate you.

the reason i bought this phone is that i had exactly the same one,but it had a slight accident and got busted up i just simply had to have a new one because i was so used to it that learning on a different one would confuse me phone is brill.many thanks steve f.
BRILLIANT I LOVE IT!!!!!   easy to use just WONDERFUL for nit wits like me who are not so savey with up to date mobile phones.
I appreciate the way I was treated by sales person the product the respond I get from him for my complain it has all that I was told it will honesty is the key he use here
Excellent phone. Reliable smart and I just love it...





